Apparment: Darker lighting, normal colors.

Date: Unkown

Entry 1:
Today I have received three letters. I don't know from who, but I am afraid it might be something confronting.
I don't know if I can handle that yet after what happened.
When I received them, I left them all around my room. I should put myself to read the letters.


Entry 2:
I've finally read the letters.
Still no idea who put them under my door...
Maybe I should get some rest. My head is spinning from all of this.


DREAMSTATE: Colors desaturated, fuzzy edges. Soft haunting music playing.

Entry 1:
I woke up in the city, how did I get here?
The letters I was holding are gone. I just feel the need to get them back.
I have a feeling where they might be. My map might help me.


Apparment: Colors return.

Entry 3:
I had a strange dream last night.
Yesterday I've got three letters, they came back in the dream, and I had to collect them.
After I had found them I woke up in my bed again. I can't remember even going to bed.


SCENE: Knock on door
Players screen goes crazy, heartbeat sounds



Letter 1:
Dear Isa,

I hope you will read this letter, I never really know if you do.
We hope you are doing well, we never see you. Will you ever come outside again?
Your phone has been off for weeks, and you never open the door.
We never see letters from you, but we know you take the food left in front of your door.
We know you have been struggling ever since he died, but we never thaught it was this hard for you.
Please let us help you with this, don't shut us out.
As far as we know, we are all you have left so please just contact us.
Your friends are also worried sick so please show a sign of life.

Please let us know something, we miss you.


With kind regards,

Patricia and Alfred


Letter 2:
To my love Isa,

I remember the first time I saw you as it was yesterday.
Your hair dancing gently on the wind, your smile brightening your surrounding.
I was in love at first sight.
I almost was too nervous to start the conversation with you, but I'm forever greatfull that I did.
We talked for hours but it fels like minutes. I can't remember any time I've been happier.
On our first date we went to the park and got some ice cream. I still remember how afraid you were of the animals coming close as you crawled upto me.
As from that moment I knew there was something magical between us.
That night I couldn't help but dreaming about you. Running through the fields in a dress, smiling.
I asked you out on a second date and we went to this little italian restaurant. As we enjoyed dinner we opened up to eachother and really got to know eachother.
As we walked out the restaurant I remember I was so nervous to kiss you as it only was our second date but it felt like the right thing to do. So after I walked you home,
I did kiss you. It felt like my whole body was tingling I never felt such a sensation in my life before.
I love you Isa.
Happy 1st year aniversary

With much love,

Brad


Letter 3:


